IBX-8916: Content update in User documentation - cd. (#314)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/permission_management/permission_system.md

---

> description: Fine-tune the access control using the permission system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use the permission system to fine-tune the access control.
```

---

# Permission system

> An overview of the permission system in [[= product_name =]] is best presented using an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An overview of the permission system in [[= product_name =]] is best presented with an example.
```
